hello guys, folks here we have
It's 3 2015 at the bandai booth namco o
attack with martyr we will play the
naruto shippuden ultimate ninja storm 14
a tested the inauguration of xbox the year
Let's see how you 're doing here.
brush in classic but goes with sasha that
with the other guys there who form
fully closed and we will see connect
the tv that is well advanced in history
my goodness
there already has a good team
apparently the last of these
version in the same fight of the last game that
is the planet sports
face
the phase is already known by
everybody here right?
the attack happened there
the pope does the economics of economics that is
there since the first game
Oh my God
Ok, how can you see the combos in this game?
so much more absurd
I passed the hand of the mother is not that they work
here o
she has a transport network does not
but the actor's body does not smell like
left because there's that game thing
total Gaucho team was made
people
Ok, now, that's what they watch.
also entered the match well now
watch the team too
Good thing there is the item round now my
god al down due to persistent
Jorge
There he got the drug.
the party is so it is
ué but ended up burying three new ones
33 and john changes in the game system
kaká got to know that this game continues
being completely the spectacle is not
business is absurd powers that I played
I do not know, I do not know why.
go with apparently to that what
It's apparently you can change now.
also in sport
ae
The panel hurt.
there the party
opa opa
I do not know what you're going to find either.
on a map
I think it was good to see the last harvest
rita
so only one interesting factor is the same
level of naro all the china but did not leave
the index also how to exchange more
apparently the towel but then that's it
there was some of the gameplay of naruto one
shortly afterwards the bag is not expected but
there is also of the think-side
and terrible threat is good tone and
Now I've been waiting there, too.
will have a video of the ps4 version of the
game